PSD3 Group Exercise 1.
Peer Review Session.
Quality Assurance on Spike Prototyping Exercise.
Team under Inspection:
Team of Inspectors:
Date: Monday 18 November 2013
----
The inspectors should interact with the team under inspection
to address the following 10 questions. The inspectors should
fill in an answer for each question carefully. If there are any
problems uncovered during each question, these should
be documented as issues (trac tickets?) in the issue tracking
system (trac?) of the team under inspection.
----


> 1. Can you access the source code repository for the prototype?
> Have you been given a URL? Is it publicly accessible? Can you clone it?

NO! NO! NO!


> 2. Can you build the code for the prototype?
> Are there build instructions? Is there a makefile or ant build.xml or
> build script? 

There are build instructions in the readme. However the initial run of build.sh failed with a javac error "directory not found: bin".


> 3. Does the prototype have any system or library dependences?
> If so, are these documented explicitly, including version numbers?
> Are the dependent libraries supplied, or are download links given?

Depends on mockito (assuming supplied, not familiar with it)


> 4. Are there clear instructions to show you how to run the prototype?
> Is any initial configuration required, e.g. mock database files?

Instructions are in the readme and credentials given in the Menu (although this is not clear).


> 5. Can you start the prototype and login to the system? Is the
> user interface workable? 

Can login with given credentials. Command driven system is workable.


> 6. Can you carry out the first user story interaction - i.e. login as
> an administrator, export
> a CSV file for a single course, all students, then export a CSV file
> for a single student, all courses?

Confusion regarding what input to be entered (i.e do we press one or type in course name).

SQL exception when trying to export course, all students,  as had no instances in the course. 
Data was exported when a course has data in it, and can read the CSV in libre. Output format is correct.
Exporting student, all courses but if no marks are available yet then the space is blank - should either leave out or indicate not monitored yet.


> 7. Are these exported CSV files appropriately formatted? Can you
> read them in a text editor? Can you read them in LibreOffice or
> Excel?

Can read in excel and are in appropriate formats.


> 8. Can you carry out the second user story interaction - i.e. login as
> a tutor, record attendance for a single session by selecting student
> names from a list and/or uploading a CSV barcode file (use the file
> from the moodle forum page, or similar)?

MANUAL RECORDING
No clear explanation if there are no labs to select attendance for.

IMPORTING.
File given is not CSV, was in .txt format 
Doesn't automatically set people who are not present as absent - could be a useful feature.


> 9. Where has the team documented its enhanced understanding of
> these two user stories as a result of the prototyping exercise? Is
> this new insight appropriately captured?

Partially documented under the tickets on github. Not really appropriate as not all gathered in one place.


> 10. In which ways does this team's prototype implementation work
> differ from yours? Discuss this point with the other team in some
> detail. Are the differences due to ambiguity (or leeway) in the
> specification, or due to different interpretations of the requirements
> by the two teams?

Different language and user interfaces. The inspecting team had two different options in the main menu for user story two while this team combined one at a lower level under a generic "monitor attendance option"
